Document feature switches (#20419)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/trimming-options.md

    Remove symbols from the trimmed application, including embedded PDBs and separate PDB files. This applies to both the application code and any dependencies that come with symbols.

The SDK also makes it possible to disable debugger support using the property `DebuggerSupport`. When debugger support is disabled, trimming will remove symbols automatically (`TrimmerRemoveSymbols` will default to true).

## Trimming framework library features

Several feature areas of the framework libraries come with linker directives that make it possible to remove the code for disabled features.

- `<DebuggerSupport>false</DebuggerSupport>`

>     Remove code that enables better debugging experiences. This will also [remove symbols](#Removing-symbols).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove code that enables better debugging experiences. This will also [remove symbols](#removing-symbols).
```

>     Remove dependencies that enable better debugging experiences. This will also [remove symbols](#Removing-symbols).

Reviewer 2: Is it weird to say "dependencies" here? I guess I would have expected it to say

```suggestion
    Removes code that enables better debugging experiences. This will also [remove symbols](#Removing-symbols).
```

- `<EnableUnsafeBinaryFormatterSerialization>false</EnableUnsafeBinaryFormatterSerialization>`

>     Remove BinaryFormatter serialization support. See [BinaryFormatter serialization methods are obsolete](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/corefx#binaryformatter-serialization-methods-are-obsolete-and-prohibited-in-aspnet-apps) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove BinaryFormatter serialization support. For more information, see [BinaryFormatter serialization methods are obsolete](../compatibility/corefx.md#binaryformatter-serialization-methods-are-obsolete-and-prohibited-in-aspnet-apps).
```

- `<EnableUnsafeUTF7Encoding>false</EnableUnsafeUTF7Encoding>`

>     Remove insecure UTF-7 encoding code. See [UTF-7 code paths are obsolete](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/corefx#utf-7-code-paths-are-obsolete) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove insecure UTF-7 encoding code. For more information, see [UTF-7 code paths are obsolete](../compatibility/corefx.md#utf-7-code-paths-are-obsolete).
```

- `<EventSourceSupport>false</EventSourceSupport>`

    Remove EventSource related code or logic.

- `<HttpActivityPropagationSupport>false</HttpActivityPropagationSupport>`

    Remove code related to diagnostics support for System.Net.Http.

- `<InvariantGlobalization>true</InvariantGlobalization>`

>     Remove globalization specific code and data. See [Invariant mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/run-time-config/globalization#invariant-mode) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove globalization specific code and data. For more information, see [Invariant mode](../run-time-config/globalization.md#invariant-mode).
```

- `<UseSystemResourceKeys>true</UseSystemResourceKeys>`

>     Remove localizable resources for system assemblies.

Reviewer 2: We don't localize these resources at all 😞, so maybe we should steer clear of "localizable resources". How about?

```suggestion
    Strips exception messages for System.* assemblies. When an exception is thrown from a System.* assembly, the message will be a simplified resource ID instead of the full message.
```

>  These properties will cause the related code to be trimmed and will also disable features via the [runtimeconfig](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/run-time-config/) file. See [feature switches](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/docs/workflow/trimming/feature-switches.md) for more details about these properties, including the corresponding runtimeconfig options. Some SDKs may have default values for these properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 These properties will cause the related code to be trimmed and will also disable features via the [runtimeconfig](../run-time-config.md) file. See [feature switches](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/docs/workflow/trimming/feature-switches.md) for more details about these properties, including the corresponding runtimeconfig options. Some SDKs may have default values for these properties.
```

>  These properties will cause the related code to be trimmed and will also also disable features via the [runtimeconfig](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/run-time-config/) file. See [feature switches](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/docs/workflow/trimming/feature-switches.md) for more details about these properties, including the corresponding runtimeconfig options. Some SDKs may have default values for these properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 These properties will cause the related code to be trimmed and will also also disable features via the [runtimeconfig](../run-time-config/index.md) file. For more information about these properties, including the corresponding runtimeconfig options, see [feature switches](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/docs/workflow/trimming/feature-switches.md). Some SDKs may have default values for these properties.
```
